Cutting Room provides a seamless
experience to the process of capturing
editing and Publishing
content to start off The Cutting Room
reporter iPhone app takes advantage of a
camera's full potential anyone in your
team can record videos in the app and
upload those videos directly to your
Cutting
Room we also make it easy to upload
videos that you already have on your
phone or on a connected SD
card so when you go to your Cutting Room
all the content you need for editing is
available to
you with our many Integrations you can
further upload footage from your
external Cloud servers to access the
content you need in the cloud-based
editor you and your team all work
together to build a story you want to
tell from anywhere without any
limitations when your story is finally
ready to be shared click
render wait a few
moments then publish your stories
directly to your favorite media
platforms from start to finish Cutting
Room makes it easier to create and share
your stories